So I was recently thinking about two
[Music]
songs and then I decided to not
Mom so it goes like this I want to
take a dip in the river Tanushree Ta jaa Tu hi hai mera naseeb na jaa
door sila dete Jinne bhi you brought
me stars  Don't be afraid to go, my dear heart, uncle,
you are my desire, you are that of yours, may I die, I
get a lot of pain, sometimes you too do
n't stay in my heart, my love, you are the only one in my heart, don't come again today, I have
been waiting for you, the evening of sorrow is long, the
story of love  In short, just take a look at me,
appreciate my art a little, those who know me go away, it is
fate that cannot be controlled,
like sunlight in the shade, like soul in the body, it
passes through the mind or like your continuous blood,
now should these doors and walls consume me?
Like hunger, I am not homeless without you, I felt alone,
your absence has not been fulfilled even today, there is a
void in my heart, the food also came, a blessing and the garden of my heart
also did not remain green, it is your burden,
you did not trust the rest of the world in me  But the man looks at me, the
rest of the world sees only art, you
are there, I am there and deep silence, both of us do
not listen. Whatever she might be saying, you
come closer to me again, I will not insist, you
go away again, I will not say anything that will happen because of your departure.
I am sitting, I have eaten food, I will
not die by drinking and cheating, whatever I have
learnt from you, I will write about you, if I
love you then I will die for you, if
I am in front of you again, I will come smiling, if I am not in front of you, tell me
I don't like you, I will not die again in
your heart  I do
n't feel like living without you, my heart does
n't flow well, whatever it says, I am
fed up with my heart, now you shouldn't come there,
now I shouldn't go to the neighborhood of my heart, you are there,
I am there and there is only distance,
And I am your waiter, I am not ready,
what do I ask for, even a confidante, people seldom put a veil on my flaws,
we stay awake at night keeping dreams at my head,
we know you much
better than you, then why should I be formal, the
funeral procession should be taken out of your house, I will celebrate in the
mines  It's all written in  I have spoken from my heart
and how many books have I opened, whatever I had to say, I have
said it, friend, I have forgotten the respect of pen and paper; what is
written by the pen can
never be erased; the pain you gave me will never go away, but to whom did you give this pain, which was shared
even after telling it.  How will we ever
lose the war? No one should ever be afraid in his battlefield.
How many more will you kill? Those who drink nectar will
never die.